Free Office 365 for Students and Educators | Microsoft Education Trace Id is missing We use optional cookies to improve your experience on our websites, such as through social media connections, and to display personalized advertising based on your online activity. If you reject optional cookies, only cookies necessary to provide you the services will be used. You may change your selection by clicking “Manage Cookies” at the bottom of the page. Privacy Statement Third-Party Cookies Accept Reject Manage cookies Skip to main content Microsoft Education Education Education Home Products for your school Azure for education Devices Edge Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams Minecraft Education Office 365 OneNote Windows 11 Featured solution areas Accessibility tools AI in education Cybersecurity solutions Learning Accelerators Learning tools Social-emotional learning Browse by audience Educators Higher education IT Pro School leaders Students Training & resources Education blog Frequently asked questions Learn Educator Center Resource Center More Getting started Contact Sales How to buy Shop for home Why Microsoft Education Contact Sales Office 365 Education Get started with Office 365 for free Microsoft donates Office 365 Education to eligible institutions at no cost to ensure all students have access to tools for learning and building skills for the future. Office 365 Education provides web versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Microsoft Teams, and Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat 1 , plus additional AI-based tools for work and learning. Get started Benefits Benefits Products School stories Training and resources FAQ Contact a sales partner Contact a sales partner BENEFITS Powerful tools for the classroom Keep your content in one place Organize class materials and easily collaborate with students and colleagues using OneNote, the ultimate digital notebook. Get access anytime, anywhere, from any device Bring conversations, content, and apps together all from a single Office 365 Education experience. Collaborate in real time without boundaries, and without worrying about lost formatting. Simplify class management Create collaborative modern classrooms with the power of Office 365. Set up classes and groups for Teams, Microsoft Intune for Education, and OneNote class notebooks with School Data Sync. Equip your students for success Get students career-ready with Office 365 Education in the classroom. Whether it’s Outlook, Word, PowerPoint, Microsoft Access, or OneNote, developing proficiency with productivity apps helps students build a foundation for success now and into the future. Related products Experience everything Microsoft has to offer Education solutions like Microsoft 365, Windows devices, comprehensive digital security, and new AI technology like Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat combine to help students worldwide achieve more. Learn more about Microsoft Education offerings Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat Reduce time-consuming administrative tasks, summarize complicated topics, create content, and analyze data using Copilot Chat, a free AI-powered Microsoft tool. Get started Word Streamline your document creation and editing with smart writing assistance, spelling and grammar checking, and visual tool creation such as charts with Microsoft Word, included in Office 365. Excel Analyze, comprehend, and display your data with ease using Excel, included in the Office 365 and Microsoft 365 subscriptions. PowerPoint Create powerful and inclusive lessons and presentations with media, charts, and design assistance with Microsoft PowerPoint. OneNote Create and organize notebooks, sections, and pages as well as capturing and embedding web content, audio, and video in the OneNote note-taking app. Teams Enhance collaboration and communication through video conferencing, file sharing, notes, and assignments all integrated into Microsoft Teams for Education. Office 365 Education Get Office 365 for your entire school Microsoft donates Office 365 Education to eligible institutions at no cost to ensure all students have access to tools for learning and building skills for the future. Office 365 Education provides web versions of Word, Excel, PowerPoint, OneNote, Microsoft Teams, and Microsoft 365 Copilot Chat, plus additional AI-based tools for work and learning. Contact a sales partner Explore school stories View all school stories Showing slide 1 of 2 Previous Slide Next Slide “The modern school requires modern forms, methods, and means. Office 365 environment is a perfect answer to this demand.” Grażyna Lachcik, School Principal, Elementary School No. 18, Rzeszów Read the story “The value that we get out of Microsoft 365 Education is ridiculously good. It’s affordable for school and has everything we want to do. And when an innovation emerges, we know it will be integrated into the platform.” Jonathan Briggs, Director of Strategy, Technology, and Innovation, Eastside Preparatory School Read the story Back to CUSTOMER STORIES section TRAINING AND RESOURCES Do more with Office 365 All the online resources you need to familiarize yourself with Office 365 apps, manage your account, and troubleshoot. Showing 1-2 of 5 slides Previous Slide Next Slide For school leaders and educators Get support for Office 365 Microsoft is here to support you. Get answers to your questions, discover resources, and connect with a community of experts—all in the Education support center. Get support For school leaders Office training tutorials Learn how to get the most out of your Microsoft Office 365 subscription, for all skill levels. Explore tutorials For educators Increase productivity with Office 365 Learn how to increase productivity with Office 365 in Windows 11. Start the training For school leaders and educators Become a Microsoft Educator expert Learn about the professional certifications designed to help school leaders and educators become proficient in Microsoft technologies. Learn more For educators Microsoft Learn Educator Center Learn how to integrate technology into your classroom with free online professional development and networking. Browse educator training Back to Resources section Frequently asked questions Expand all Collapse all 01/ Who is eligible for the free Microsoft Office 365 A1 plan? Educators and students with an eligible school email address can get Office 365 A1 for free . 02/ How long can I use the Office 365 Education plan? You can use the Office 365 Education plan as long as you are working at, or enrolled in, a qualified school. Your eligibility may be re-verified at any time. When your Office 365 Education plan expires: The Office 365 applications enter a reduced-functionality mode, which means that you can view documents, but you cannot edit or create new documents. Online services associated with the school email address—for example, Office 365 for the web and OneDrive—will no longer work. If your plan expires, you can extend your plan by re-verifying your status as an educator or student, or by moving to an Office 365 personal plan. 03/ What can I do if I’m not eligible? Office provides a range of options for students, so it’s easy to find one to fit your budget. Learn about ways you can get Office. 04/ How long does it take to be approved as a qualified academic institution? In many cases, the response time is instantaneous through an automated verification process. In other cases where an institution needs to be verified, it may take up to a month to confirm eligibility. If you are nearing the end of your 30-day trial and have not received approval of eligibility, please contact customer support . 05/ What is the difference between Office 365 and Microsoft 365 Education? Microsoft 365 builds on top of Office 365 apps such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook and provides enhanced management, security, and compliance tools. Learn more about Microsoft 365 . Devices Explore Windows devices for education Prepare educators and students for a new era of digital learning with powerful, affordable, student-centered devices and tools that have assistive technology, and anti-virus features built in. Explore education devices [1] Copilot Chat is available to all staff, faculty, and higher education students aged 18+ and older, and provides enterprise data protection when signed in with their school account. Follow Microsoft Education What's new Surface Pro Surface Laptop Surface Laptop Studio 2 Surface Laptop Go 3 Microsoft Copilot AI in Windows Explore Microsoft products Windows 11 apps Microsoft Store Account profile Download Center Microsoft Store support Returns Order tracking Certified Refurbished Microsoft Store Promise Flexible Payments Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education How to buy for your school Educator training and development Deals for students and parents AI for education Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Power Platform Microsoft Teams Microsoft 365 Copilot Small Business Developer & IT Azure Microsoft Developer Microsoft Learn Support for AI marketplace apps Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Diversity and inclusion Accessibility Sustainability English (United States) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Contact us Privacy Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks About our ads © Microsoft 2025