About Microsoft | Mission and Vision | Microsoft This is the Trace Id: 3a6d3c5ace855924aedecd66bf6dce9f We use optional cookies to improve your experience on our websites, such as through social media connections, and to display personalized advertising based on your online activity. If you reject optional cookies, only cookies necessary to provide you the services will be used. You may change your selection by clicking “Manage Cookies” at the bottom of the page. Privacy Statement Third-Party Cookies Accept Reject Manage cookies Skip to main content Microsoft About About About Home Company Overview Facts News Office Locations Procurement Legal Contact Us People Overview Board of Directors Senior Leadership Stories Alumni Network Values Overview Innovation Diversity and Inclusion Corporate Social Responsibility AI Trustworthy Computing Careers More All Microsoft Global Microsoft 365 Office Copilot Windows Xbox Support Software Software Windows Apps AI OneDrive Outlook Skype OneNote Microsoft Teams PCs & Devices PCs & Devices Shop Xbox Accessories Entertainment Entertainment Xbox games Business Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Azure Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 for business Microsoft Industry Microsoft Power Platform Windows 365 Developer & IT Developer & IT Microsoft Developer Microsoft Learn Support for AI marketplace apps Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Other Other Free downloads & security Education Gift cards View Sitemap Search Search Microsoft.com No results Cancel Sign in to your account Empowering others Our mission is to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our company Stay informed about Microsoft – from company facts and news to our worldwide locations and more. Explore the world of Microsoft Who we are Get to know some of our people, explore engaging stories and meet the leaders who shape our vision. Meet the people of Microsoft What we value See how we utilise technology to build platforms and resources to help make a lasting positive impact. Learn about our values Contact us Get in touch. We’re here to help. Get the support you need Featured programs and projects Microsoft By the Numbers Adding up the stories that make Microsoft, By the Numbers is an interactive look at what drives us, from quantum computing to environmental sustainability. Explore By the Numbers Corporate Social Responsibility We believe technology is a powerful force for good and are working to foster a sustainable future where everyone has access to the benefits and opportunities created by technology. Learn about our approach Story Labs At Microsoft, we’re moved and inspired by many things. Microsoft Story Labs features in-depth interviews, features and stories with those that are on the forefront of innovation. Check out Story Labs Microsoft AI When designed with people at the centre, AI can extend your capabilities, free you up for more creative and strategic endeavours, and help you or your organisation achieve more. Explore Microsoft AI Follow Microsoft Microsoft Store Account profile Returns Order tracking Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education Office Education Educator training and development Deals for students and parents Azure for students Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Azure Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Advertising Microsoft 365 Copilot Microsoft Teams Developer & IT Microsoft Developer Documentation Microsoft Learn Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Microsoft Power Platform Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Security Sustainability English (Cyprus) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Contact us Privacy Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks About our ads © Microsoft 2025