Microsoft – AI, Cloud, Productivity, Computing, Gaming & Apps Trace Id is missing We use optional cookies to improve your experience on our websites, such as through social media connections, and to display personalized advertising based on your online activity. If you reject optional cookies, only cookies necessary to provide you the services will be used. You may change your selection by clicking “Manage Cookies” at the bottom of the page. Privacy Statement Third-Party Cookies Accept Reject Manage cookies Skip to main content Microsoft Microsoft 365 Office Copilot Windows Xbox Support More All Microsoft Global Microsoft 365 Office Copilot Windows Xbox Support Software Software Windows Apps AI OneDrive Outlook Skype OneNote Microsoft Teams PCs & Devices PCs & Devices Shop Xbox Accessories Entertainment Entertainment Xbox games Business Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Azure Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 for business Microsoft Industry Microsoft Power Platform Windows 365 Developer & IT Developer & IT Microsoft Developer Microsoft Learn Support for AI marketplace apps Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Other Other Free downloads & security Education Gift cards View Sitemap Search Search Microsoft.com No results Cancel 0 Cart 0 items in shopping cart Sign in to your account Slide 1 of 2. Copilot is your AI companion Skip featured products and announcements slideshow: navigate using the previous and next: navigate using the slide tabs Pause Previous Next Copilot is your AI companion Always by your side, ready to support you whenever and wherever you need it. Download the Copilot app Achieve the extraordinary Microsoft 365 delivers cloud storage, security and Microsoft Copilot in your favourite apps – all in one plan. Shop Microsoft 365 End of featured products and announcements slideshow: navigate using the previous and next: navigate using the slide tabs section Outlook for iOS and Android Connect. Organise. Get things done. Download now Designed for life today – and tomorrow The next-generation of games. Your goals. Friends and family. Windows 11 was made to bring you closer to everything you love. See if your PC is ready Microsoft Edge World-class performance with more privacy, more productivity and more value while you browse. Download now Microsoft OneDrive Save your files and photos to OneDrive and access them from any device, anywhere. Learn more Organise your life Keep your ideas and notes organised with OneNote. Learn more For business Microsoft 365 Copilot Save time and focus on the things that matter most with AI in Microsoft 365 for business. Learn more Get Microsoft Teams for your business Online meetings, chat, real-time collaboration, and shared cloud storage – all in one place. Find the right plan for your business Visual Studio 2022 Get the most comprehensive IDE for .NET and C++ developers on Windows for building web, cloud, desktop, mobile apps, services and games. Download Visual Studio 2022 Welcome to your Windows 365 Cloud PC Securely stream your Windows experience from the Microsoft cloud to any device. Get it today Follow Microsoft Back to top Microsoft Store Account profile Returns Order tracking Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education Office Education Educator training and development Deals for students and parents Azure for students Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Azure Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Advertising Microsoft 365 Copilot Microsoft Teams Developer & IT Microsoft Developer Documentation Microsoft Learn Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Microsoft Power Platform Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Security Sustainability English (Cyprus) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Contact Microsoft Privacy Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks About our ads EU Compliance DoCs © Microsoft 2025