Microsoft Teams for Schools and Students | Microsoft Education Trace Id is missing We use optional cookies to improve your experience on our websites, such as through social media connections, and to display personalized advertising based on your online activity. If you reject optional cookies, only cookies necessary to provide you the services will be used. You may change your selection by clicking “Manage Cookies” at the bottom of the page. Privacy Statement Third-Party Cookies Accept Reject Manage cookies Skip to main content Microsoft Education Education Education Home Products for your school Azure for education Devices Edge Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams Minecraft Education Office 365 OneNote Windows 11 Featured solution areas Accessibility tools AI in education Cybersecurity solutions Learning Accelerators Learning tools Social-emotional learning Browse by audience Educators Higher education IT Pro School leaders Students Training & resources Education blog Frequently asked questions Learn Educator Center Resource Center More Getting started Contact Sales How to buy Shop for home Why Microsoft Education Contact Sales Microsoft Teams for Education Empower your school with Microsoft Teams Microsoft Teams for Education is a powerful communication app for schools that enhances collaboration and learning. Video collaboration, chat, assignments, class materials, and notes are all built into the app, and it’s free with a valid, active school email address. Download Teams now Sign in with email Benefits Benefits Products School stories Resources FAQ Contact a sales partner Contact a sales partner BENEFITS Connect, collaborate, and educate-all in one place Discover how Microsoft Teams enhances learning and collaboration in schools. Encourage independent learning Build skills and confidence with personalized and AI-assisted tools that support independent learning for students across all grade levels. Develop social skills Promote students’ social-emotional learning (SEL) and provide a safe space to navigate feelings with age-appropriate activities. Go beyond the classroom Bridge the gap between educational and professional environments with hands-on learning tools and tools for educators like Microsoft Lens. Address learning barriers Implement proven techniques that make the educational experience more accessible and inclusive for all students regardless of their age, language, proficiency, or abilities. Microsoft Teams for Education Start using Teams for Education today Students and teachers from K-12 to collegiate levels can use the free version of Microsoft Teams with an eligible, active school email address. Download now Sign in with email Microsoft 365 Education Experience the whole suite of solutions in Microsoft 365 Foster student growth and success in the classroom and beyond with a suite of AI-powered, student-centered solutions in Microsoft 365 Education. Explore Microsoft 365 Education Explore school stories View all school stories Showing slide 1 of 3 Previous Slide Next Slide “What we loved about Microsoft, and Teams specifically, was the fact that a teacher can go from working with peers to working with admin, with people at the county office, with students, and always be … in the same environment.” Stephen Taylor, Director of Digital Teaching and Learning, Onslow County School District Read the story “I think [fostering communication is] what Teams does. It's amazing because we think about how a conversation is carried today and how kids have conversations today.” Rob Dickson, CIO, Wichita Public Schools Read the story “[Teams] was non-negotiable. We did a training and expected tears, resistance, and stress. We got the opposite. Now we have teachers saying they will never abandon Microsoft Teams. They say, ‘I cannot imagine what I did before!’ and that has been essential for finding new ways of collaboration for the students.” Jeni Long, Instructional Technologist, Eagle Mountain Saginaw Independent School District Read the story Back to School stories section RESOURCES Make the most of Teams Learn how to use key features in Teams like Microsoft Whiteboard, polling, spotlight, and other features that enhance collaborative classrooms. Showing 1-2 of 4 slides Previous Slide Next Slide For educators How-to videos Watch step-by-step tutorials on how to use a range of features in Teams. Explore tutorials For educators AI enhancements in Teams Learn about new AI enhancements in Microsoft Teams for Education that help you save time and enrich your teaching. Read the blog For educators Microsoft Learn Educator Center Find resources and trainings for how to use Teams to help improve student outcomes. Browse the educator center For educators Support social-emotional learning with Reflect Learn how to use Reflect in Teams to assist with social-emotional learning in the classroom. Start the course Back to Resources section Frequently asked questions Expand all Collapse all 01/ How do I get access to Microsoft Teams? To access Microsoft Teams for Education, enter the email address and password provided by your school. If your school is already signed up for Office 365 for Education and has turned on access to Microsoft Teams, or if your school is an accredited academic institution, you’ll be able to sign in or sign up . Visit the Office 365 Education page to get the full Office 365 suite for free. 02/ How do I create class and staff teams? Learn how to create class and staff teams in Microsoft Teams in just a few simple steps. Create class team Create a staff team 03/ How do I create, attend, and run meetings in Microsoft Teams for Education? Get clear guidance for creating, attending, and running meetings—with specific tips for educators, students, and administrators. Create and run meetings 04/ How do I get support if Teams isn’t working? For help with Microsoft Teams, try these troubleshooting tips, contact Microsoft Support with your question, visit the Teams support center, or ask the Microsoft Support community. Get the Teams troubleshooting guide Contact Microsoft Support Visit the Microsoft Teams support center Ask the Microsoft Support community 05/ Where can I propose ideas for new Teams features for schools? Tell us how we can make Teams better for your classroom and staff with our Teams UserVoice forum. Suggest new features 06/ What controls do educators and school IT staff have for student digital security in online meetings? Microsoft has implemented a comprehensive approach to protect schools from cyberattacks, leveraging a unified portfolio of solutions. Learn more about what schools can do to protect student privacy. 07/ Where can I find more professional development and education training resources for Teams? Visit the Microsoft Learn educator center to find help and learning guides for Microsoft Teams for Education. Blog Elevate learning experiences with the power of AI Explore AI-powered updates from Microsoft Education to help educators and students save time, create impactful content, and deepen learning experiences. Learn more Support Education support center Get answers to your questions, find best practices, and learn from the Microsoft Education community. Visit the support center Resource Microsoft Teams for Education Tech Community Connect with a global peer and expert community dedicated to learning and problem solving. Join the community Follow Microsoft Education What's new Surface Pro Surface Laptop Surface Laptop Studio 2 Surface Laptop Go 3 Microsoft Copilot AI in Windows Explore Microsoft products Windows 11 apps Microsoft Store Account profile Download Center Microsoft Store support Returns Order tracking Certified Refurbished Microsoft Store Promise Flexible Payments Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education How to buy for your school Educator training and development Deals for students and parents AI for education Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Power Platform Microsoft Teams Microsoft 365 Copilot Small Business Developer & IT Azure Microsoft Developer Microsoft Learn Support for AI marketplace apps Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Diversity and inclusion Accessibility Sustainability English (United States) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Contact us Privacy Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks About our ads © Microsoft 2025