Microsoft 365 for Education | Microsoft Education Trace Id is missing We use optional cookies to improve your experience on our websites, such as through social media connections, and to display personalized advertising based on your online activity. If you reject optional cookies, only cookies necessary to provide you the services will be used. You may change your selection by clicking “Manage Cookies” at the bottom of the page. Privacy Statement Third-Party Cookies Accept Reject Manage cookies Skip to main content Microsoft Education Education Education Home Products for your school Azure for education Devices Edge Microsoft 365 Microsoft Teams Minecraft Education Office 365 OneNote Windows 11 Featured solution areas Accessibility tools AI in education Cybersecurity solutions Learning Accelerators Learning tools Social-emotional learning Browse by audience Educators Higher education IT Pro School leaders Students Training & resources Education blog Frequently asked questions Learn Educator Center Resource Center More Getting started Contact Sales How to buy Shop for home Why Microsoft Education Contact Sales Microsoft 365 Education Transform your students’ learning with Microsoft 365 Education Microsoft 365 Education offers a suite of student-centered solutions that help create an equitable learning environment for all and help students succeed in the classroom and beyond. Find which plan is right for your institution below. Contact a sales partner Student-centered solutions Student-centered solutions Education plans Products Pricing options School stories Training and resources FAQ Contact a sales partner Contact a sales partner Student-centered Solutions Discover solutions tailored to meet students’ needs Accelerate learning Help students catch up, keep up, and get ahead with our Learning Accelerators. These tools create more opportunities for students to practice through immediate feedback in core subjects like reading, writing, and math. They also track progress and provide actionable insights for teachers. Explore Learning Accelerators Prepare for the future Get students familiar with Office 365 tools they’ll likely use for years to come, like Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, and Teams , while building future-ready skills, like problem solving and collaboration. Explore Office 365 Improve efficiency Personalize learning experiences and enhance outcomes for students with built-in AI tools. Microsoft Copilot also streamlines teaching and administrative tasks, reducing the workload and creating more time for one-on-one student support. Explore the AI toolkit Simplify and secure IT Manage technology and maximize security from one classroom to an entire district with Microsoft 365 Education. Our cloud-based system makes monitoring threats and pushing updates seamless to maximize learning time for all. Explore security solutions Education plans Explore our three tiers of Microsoft 365 Education plans Compare plans See all capabilities Previous Slide Next Slide Microsoft 365 – A1 A simple, one-time-per-device learning solution for modern workloads. Save time by managing all devices in a single dashboard. Microsoft 365 – A3 The right solution for institutions that need all the A1 features, plus desktop apps, security, and device management. Microsoft 365 – A5 Our most comprehensive plan features everything A3 offers, plus unified communications, analytics, and advanced security capabilities. Back to Resources section Related products Explore powerful products Take Microsoft 365 anywhere with mobile-friendly tools that let you work or study your way. Contact a sales partner Copilot Reduce time-consuming administrative tasks, summarize complicated topics, create content, and analyze data using Copilot, a free AI-powered Microsoft tool. Teams Enhance collaboration and communication through video conferencing, file sharing, notes, and assignments all integrated into Microsoft Teams for Education. Word Streamline your document creation and editing with smart writing assistance, spelling and grammar checking, and visual tool creation such as charts with Microsoft Word, included in Office 365. Excel Analyze, comprehend, and display your data with ease using Excel, included in the Office 365 and Microsoft 365 subscriptions. PowerPoint Create powerful and inclusive lessons and presentations with media, charts, and design assistance with Microsoft PowerPoint. Reflect Develop your students’ self-expression by encouraging them to name their feelings using illustrated and emoji-like representations of emotion words in Reflect. Outlook Manage your email, calendaring, tasks, contacts, and note-taking with Microsoft Outlook, included in Microsoft Office 365. Minecraft Education Promote problem-solving, creativity, and collaboration in your classroom with Minecraft Education, a game-based learning platform in an interactive digital environment. OneNote Create and organize notebooks, sections, and pages as well as capturing and embedding web content, audio, and video in the OneNote note-taking app. Azure Build, deploy, and scale applications quickly and efficiently with Azure, Microsoft’s cloud computing solution that enhances your schools’ educational offerings and infrastructure. Whiteboard Enhance group participation and collaboration in real -time on a digital whiteboard, included in Microsoft Teams. Microsoft Defender Protect devices, student and school data, and the overall network from cyber-attacks with the Microsoft Defender suite, a comprehensive security solution for education. Pricing options Talk with an expert for plan pricing From a single classroom to an entire school district, Microsoft 365 Education has the tools students, educators, and IT professionals need to succeed. Contact a sales partner to personalize your plan and receive pricing for your school. Contact a sales partner School stories Explore school success stories View all school stories Showing slide 1 of 3 Previous Slide Next Slide “Microsoft 365 for Education was a way for us to ensure parity and equity for all learners; to ensure they all have access to the same tools, the same software, and the same opportunities.” – Peter Kennedy, Head of Science Technology Engineering and Maths curriculum for the Welsh Government Read the full story "Switching to Microsoft 365 was one of the best decisions we made. The minute students arrive at Ursuline or log onto any device, they can get to work using Teams and OneNote." – Anne Robertson, Director of Technology, Ursuline Academy Read the full story “The decision becomes immediately obvious when you ask which cloud environment has the richness suited to our educational context. The depth and breadth of Microsoft 365 is a game-changer.” – Jonathan Bishop, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Headteacher, Cornerstone Academy Read the full story Back to CUSTOMER STORIES section Training and Resources Find Microsoft 365 Education resources Discover resources for Microsoft 365 Education such as support, documentation, and training. Previous Slide Next Slide For educators Explore Microsoft 365 help and learning Find resources and answers to your questions for Microsoft 365 Education products. Get support For IT leaders Microsoft 365 Education documentation Get information for IT admins, developers, and partners. Learn more For educators Microsoft Learn Educator Center Start exploring our learning paths and modules today. Visit the Educator Center Back to Resources section Frequently asked questions Expand all Collapse all 01/ What is Microsoft 365 Education? Microsoft 365 Education is a productivity cloud suite that helps create equitable learning environments. We achieve this through solutions that help accelerate learning, prepare students from classroom to career, are inclusively designed, and support instructional and IT leaders with trusted and secure solutions. 02/ What is the difference between Office 365 and Microsoft 365 Education? Microsoft 365 builds on top of Office 365 apps such as Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook and provides enhanced management, security, and compliance tools. 03/ What types of data and analytics tools and capabilities does Microsoft 365 Education provide? Education Insights: Education Insights is a free, out-of-the-box analytics solution for schools using Teams for Education. It automatically connects key apps within Teams and the Microsoft 365 Graph and makes student data easy to access for teachers and education leaders. Learn more Reflect: Help students recognize and navigate their emotions by providing regular opportunities to share and be heard. Reflect can help broaden learners' emotional vocabulary and deepen empathy for their peers while also providing valuable feedback to educators for a healthy classroom community. Learn more School Data Sync (SDS): A Microsoft 365 application for EDU tenants that connects with external third-party systems (typically student information systems), to ingest and store data for the purposes of dynamic Microsoft 365 provisioning and enriched Microsoft 365 insights and analytics. Learn more Azure Data Export: Ability to export data from SDS and Education Insights (including Reflect, Assignments, and Progress/Coach data) into an Azure or third-party data repository. This functionality currently requires Education Insights Premium. Open Education Analytics (OEA): An open-source effort led by Microsoft Education to empower education systems around the world to use data, analytics, and AI more effectively and ethically to improve learning outcomes. Institutions can access models from GitHub and learn best practices from other institutions to perform advanced and predictive analytics. Learn more 04/ How much does Microsoft 365 Education cost? There are three tiers of Microsoft 365 Education available, each with an array of helpful and inclusively designed features. Connect with one of our education experts to learn more about pricing and see how you can build an individualized plan that works best for your institution. Contact a sales partner 05/ What version of Microsoft 365 Education is right for my institution? There are three versions of Microsoft 365 Education for your institution you can choose from: A1: A simple, one-time-per-device learning solution for all your modern workloads. Support every learner with desktop apps like Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Microsoft Teams, Minecraft: Education Edition, and more. This license also provides cloud management through Microsoft Intune for Education to save time by managing your devices in a single dashboard. A3: Enhance learning with desktop Office apps and increased security and management tools. Includes everything in the Microsoft 365 A1 license, plus additional features like Bookings and Live Events. The A3 plan also provides advanced security, management, and analytics. A5: Streamline licensing and potentially reduce costs with our most comprehensive suite of learning, compliance, security, and management tools. Includes all the teaching and learning features of Microsoft 365 A3. 06/ What languages are supported for your accessibility tools? Available in over 50 languages to support ELL, non-native speakers, deaf learners, and those with auditory processing disorders or cognitive differences Real-time translation in over 100 languages with PowerPoint Live translation Reading Progress and Reading Coach is supported in over 100 languages List of supported languages 07/ How does Microsoft support more equitable learning environments? Microsoft is committed to supporting equitable learning environments in all school systems. This means using safe and trusted first-party solutions that foster inclusivity, enable real-time insights, leverage available cloud services, and best prepare students for the future. Microsoft provides students with equitable education solutions that are inclusively designed to help all learners achieve more. Microsoft delivers solutions for educators that help them accelerate learning, support social and emotional well-being, and prepare all students for tomorrow’s workplace. Microsoft Education solutions support instructional and IT leaders with trusted, secure, and future-proof hardware and software options that are affordable, simple, scalable, and sustainable to meet the critical needs of education today and in the future. 08/ Do you have any evidence on the efficacy of Learning Accelerators? Our teams have partnered with experts in each field to develop our Learning Accelerators tools. For example, we partnered with reading fluency experts such as Dr. Tim Rasinski, Pam Allyn, Dr. Mark Seidenberg, and Dr. Timothy Shanahan to develop Reading Progress and Reading Coach. Reading Progress has been awarded a research-based design certification for Digital Promise. 09/ How does Microsoft 365 Education provide me with a more holistic view of every student? Many of our built-in tools are seamlessly integrated with Education Insights. Insights integrates student engagement with Teams for Education with Assignments, our emotional well-being survey tool Reflect, and Learning Accelerators to give educators and leaders a more holistic view of their students in an out-of-the-box solution. Event Reimagine Education Uniting changemakers and industry leaders, this 45-minute virtual event addressed the rapidly evolving world of education. Gain insights on education equity, security, and workforce readiness in the era of AI from global innovators who share their next practices. Watch on demand Blog Accelerate learning by providing quality feedback Feedback is a cornerstone of teaching and learning, but what type of feedback is beneficial for students? Read more Blog Explore tools for literacy and multilingual education Learn how to promote literacy and multilingual education with Microsoft’s Learning Tools and Learning Accelerators. Read more Blog Eight transformative tools to elevate project-based learning Navigating the complexities of project-based learning can be overwhelming, but you’re not alone. Read more Follow Microsoft Education What's new Surface Pro Surface Laptop Surface Laptop Studio 2 Surface Laptop Go 3 Microsoft Copilot AI in Windows Explore Microsoft products Windows 11 apps Microsoft Store Account profile Download Center Microsoft Store support Returns Order tracking Certified Refurbished Microsoft Store Promise Flexible Payments Education Microsoft in education Devices for education Microsoft Teams for Education Microsoft 365 Education How to buy for your school Educator training and development Deals for students and parents AI for education Business Microsoft Cloud Microsoft Security Dynamics 365 Microsoft 365 Microsoft Power Platform Microsoft Teams Microsoft 365 Copilot Small Business Developer & IT Azure Microsoft Developer Microsoft Learn Support for AI marketplace apps Microsoft Tech Community Azure Marketplace AppSource Visual Studio Company Careers About Microsoft Company news Privacy at Microsoft Investors Diversity and inclusion Accessibility Sustainability English (United States) Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Your Privacy Choices Opt-Out Icon Your Privacy Choices Consumer Health Privacy Contact us Privacy Manage cookies Terms of use Trademarks About our ads © Microsoft 2025